# DeveloperKeysCreateRequestDeveloperKey

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**auto_expire_tokens** | Option<**bool**> | [Optional, boolean] Defaults to false. If true, access tokens generated by this key will expire after 1 hour. | [optional]
**email** | Option<**String**> | [Optional, string] Contact email for the key. | [optional]
**icon_url** | Option<**String**> | [Optional, string] URL for a small icon to display in key list. | [optional]
**name** | Option<**String**> | [Optional, string] The display name. | [optional]
**notes** | Option<**String**> | [Optional, string] User-provided notes about the key. | [optional]
**redirect_uri** | Option<**String**> | [Optional, string] Deprecated in favor of redirect_uris. Do not use. | [optional]
**redirect_uris** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | [Optional, array] List of URLs used during OAuth2 flow to validate given redirect URI. | [optional]
**vendor_code** | Option<**String**> | [Optional, string] User-specified code representing the vendor that uses the key. | [optional]
**visible** | Option<**bool**> | [Optional, boolean] Defaults to true. If false, key will not be visible in the UI. | [optional]
**test_cluster_only** | Option<**bool**> | [Optional, boolean] Defaults to false. If true, key is only usable in non-production environments (test, beta). Avoids problems with beta refresh. | [optional]
**client_credentials_audience** | Option<**String**> | [Optional, string] Used in OAuth2 client credentials flow to specify the audience for the access token. | [optional]
**scopes** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | [Optional, array] List of API endpoints key is allowed to access. | [optional]
**require_scopes** | Option<**bool**> | [Optional, boolean] If true, then token requests with this key must include scopes. | [optional]
**allow_includes** | Option<**bool**> | [Optional, boolean] If true, allows `includes` parameters in API requests that match the scopes of this key. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


